# Musical pancakes
I love autogenerated github repo names

## Setup
After cloning, you first need to set up a virtual environment:

    # Get virtualenv if you don't have it
    pip install virtualenv

    virtualenv -p <path to python 2.7> venv

then activate it:

    source venv/bin/activate

and install any dependencies:

    pip install -r requirements.txt

You can also install depencencies with `make init`.  If you add any dependencies
via pip, make sure to save them and commit the new requirements file:

    pip freeze > requirements.txt

Or just run `make freeze`.  Finally, before you start work, download the datasets,
rename the reviews file to `reviews.json`, and put it into `data/`.

When you're finished working, make sure to `deactivate`.

## Notebooks
I (Joel) sometimes use notebooks for working through a problem.  You can check
them out by running `jupyter notebook`.

## Test Harness
We've setup a test harness that allows one to easily swap out learning models by
defining a few short functions.

1. `initialize_models()` - takes no parameters and initializes a
   list of five empty learning models of your chosen type
2. `train_model_stochastic(model, example)` - takes an existing
   model and a single example, and stochastically trains the model using the
   single example, returning the modified model.
3. `model_test(model, example)` - takes an existing model and a single example,
   and returns a boolean of whether or not it expects the example to have >0
   usefulness or not.

Once those are defined, run

    import main
    main.engage(initialize_models, train_model_stochastic, model_test, filename=<filename>)

to kick off the training and testing process and print results.

## Tests
Currently have tests in their own package, which makes it pretty straightforward
to run them without obnoxious imports.  Running

    python -m unittest test.test_hello

runs the `test/test_hello.py` file, but runs from the root directory, so imports
are easy.  Running

    python -m unittest discover

or just `make test` finds and runs all tests of the format `test_*.py`.  To
quickly generate a new test for `learn/example_module.py`, run

    ./generate example_module

This will create `test/test_example_module.py` and fill in testing boilerplate.
